Is this our new neighbor's house?
This is for sale.
We are princes
How can it be possible to live in a neighbor's house?
Are we rich?
The imperial teacher has already arranged it for us
We have also accumulated a lot in the past two years
In addition, the first prince also mainly supports Li Xian
pity
This is the only small courtyard close to Master Guo
Otherwise, you can buy a much larger courtyard
The eldest prince is so nice
Then how many phoenix deer does your prince have?
We have about 500 taels a month before menstruation.
And now I'm married.
It should be 800 taels per month.
Xiner, don't you like it here?
I like it
But I do
It doesn't matter if you like it or not
Such a small yard
Even the servants can't buy a few
Don't worry about us.
I won't be staying here for long
Not too long
Brother Ye Xuan
Actually I didn't think of it
You actually let go of the inheritance
I was actually very thoughtful.
To control the entire army
It is necessary to clear all and seasons
Family related generals
I put all the troops related to the Ji family
Sent to retake Yuchengguan
Just waiting to inherit Wu Yifan
The case I buried next to him
Will shoot
Purge his most loyal generals
At that time, leave the emperor's false move to pardon the rebellion
Well at that time
Even if it can't be completely cleared
All the generals associated with the stepfamily
It's also clear nine times out of ten
Will the inheritance of martial arts really be reversed?
Of course he won't
But his people will oppose
I will also pull him together
That means to force him to
Brother Ye Xuan, won't many people die?
If they are willing to resist the demon
Will not commit
If you don't want to
Keep them.
There is no guarantee that they will not stab us in the back in the future
Oh.
OK.
Wait a minute. This is a lonely person.
The prince who has been wandering outside for two years
Do you have the strength to set up the game?
He is in two years
How many forces have been cultivated before?